betrmint - toady hawk (media personality / Nouns nft collection).Jack Wyldes is pushing buildors and stuff. ryan and creatordao a poadcast with toady hawk and creator dao. we talked about featuring creators on betrmint and we could have some world clases top creators on betrmint. like pushing traffic as a goal to them. make it a better app as well. (figure out technical integrations with their betting miniapp and signals)

-----------in general if we don't get betrmint let's try to get toady hawk & jack wyldes as agency media people we'll cross promote and bring each other clients -----------------------------

clanker and merkle would be willing to put public support behind the founder s and the agency if we publically commit to servicing farcaster network and being loyal to them. we need to write up an offer for them and we need to write up the tweets for them to announce it.  

creatordao - it was ryans first ever launch. it was ryans first district.xyz launch. it was kong nathan and michael together who launched creatordao and distrcit and then they split - kong and nathan ad creatordao, micahel as district.xyz. they raised a million dollars for their treasury in 48 hours. the number one lesson learned from creatordao is about not launching marketprice too high. they're idea is to be the blackrock of creators and creatordao is investing in us. they can get investments for clients, so let's pass over clients to them if necessary. they're OG members of the agency (we're working on the tokenized creator ad network with them)

district - a lot is covered above - we are the exclusive marketing agency for all of their launches. they're able to make launches very very successful with their investor network 

they're responsible for the whales launchpad we're responsible for grass roots efforts, hype social engagement, misc token crap and marketmaking 

dogecoin - a real connection we can't activate them easily right now but its on the horizon to integrate them with signals and possibly everything else 

dogeos - evm compatible l1 that connects dogecoin and dogeos so we can bring them into our ecosystem 

DRVN - Ryan/Tonchu met Rex at an event and connected on mutual contacts and building. They tokenized Paul Walker's ferrai, dayummm. Now Drvn is building an app to have anyone register car s an nft, so people can get tehir car sponsored in fractionalized. second layer is giving them the full agency incubation partner treatment - hook them into events ecosystem we're building and connect them to everything 

fireside- 

getincented - a platform or protocol for people to incentivize activities. essentially it's a proposal platform (ex. we want people to do marketing for us. peopel submit propossals and they all vote and then it sends the winners our way). cool experimental partner, not huge or impactful. 

guildxyz - 

illustspace - augmented reality producers. you can create augmented reality things using their tool and put it out into the world. we worked with them to do the jesse sneaker collab. Rob Mccarty (dev) and Russ all met up with Tonchu/Gus at Eth Denver 2024. 

cryptosapiens - network of people who are founders and builder who run events at different conferences. they run a creator house and invited us to teach and do a workshop. 

goldn - working with enter the ryft. they are gold on chain - every region's gold provider get's its own tokenized goldcoiin. essentially creating a international permissionless gold market. we will advise titanium to invest with them.

l484


luminode - wizard and quinn - last year on chain summit they were the coinbase partner for the merch fulfillment - ryan's agency started talking with them and applied to be the supplier. have partnered with them on a few things, namely the marketplace. he also released nodemerch - one stop shop easy to create merch shop - let's plan to get titanium merch made TODAY


miggles/purrlabs - purrlabs is agency founder - they have been cultivating huge list of partners & ips, we run together in the same circles and licensing conventions. peach and pablo launch. based creators ambassadors of japan -> connecting to Fracton. And it's a CTO! purrlabs' team are rockstars, lots of former corporate. that plan was embed the corporate people into the trenches. they've been in the game for multiple cycles. they see themselves as new gen nintendo - super high standard IPs. 4-5 strong core team members. they wanted to attach themselves to something bigger. once ryan gets back with gamestop we can plug miggles into nintendo probably.

	for short term - there's not much tight overlap in workflows. they're going to hang out in discord more to spark organic conversations. 

	medium term - we will have 1-3 big projects in the next 3-6 months. we will work together in one room. 

nemesis - we had a conversation with Michael and he is open to being the based creaters china lead where we do all the work and he does none of the work and he puts his name on it. it benefits us because he has a lot of motion in china. figure out how to have him help with nemesis. we will helping with the education platform build alongside nemesis and titanium. 

onchain-summit - we did their activation for on chain summit. need to do the second leg of their activation sometime next year. that's when we will bring on base/ocs. also gets into metaverse / live event streaming. 

pizzadao - we're partnered with them at the hip. we are members of the pizza mafia. we are helping to take over the world with pizza parties. everything we do is secretly a pizza mafia plan to take over the world with pizza. 

fracton - met thru pizza dao, who they incubated. now  we are being incubated by them. they sre giving us refereñlas and we're giving them client dividends. keep working the relstiondhip and work our wsy to market domanince in japan with fracton x purrlabs 

guildxyz - oldest ecosystem partner. chst eunnkng with them since april 2024. theyve been helpinh build in the dhadows. now we are in motion on integrsting them more with the portsl now thst we paid for their API. duh has started already will need backup. 

lab484 - will write this up later

titanium - we need to do the fire token claim drop by EOD 

December 1nd - partner posts sent to partners by EOD
Decemger 2nd - partners pushed to post about agency, titanium,
December 3rd - partners pusehd to post about 4444
December 5th - launch 

psx - we have that ryft nft that is wrapped psx. we need to get 4444 minted. let's make the ryft nft a way to get access to 4444 so that we can burn tokens. psx should reiteriate it's roadmap with agency - let's redefine what is psx now? what is it contained to? what psx specific things will be developed? how can we plug in psx culture to more stuff?  psx is lead on void so need to own that in a big way. let's get tons of psx on void 3d content made. 

ryft - creating tech that are partnered with in a heavy way. they are their own network. we are sister orgs basically, we're trying to become interoperable. agency is very tied together. good relationship with jordan. the gold on chain is their client. 

scribble dao - creating a broowser extension for being able to buy a crators coin right on their instagram, tiktok or  other social media profile. we're going to be working with them to prommote, interface with creatordao, developing clients for them, standard agency deal. don't know timeline, need to follow up and poke them. 

stand-with-crypto - pizzadao is connected, coinbase/base is connected. we are using based creators to be a vertical overlap layer with stand with crypto and their events - we will make all of their events a based creators meetup as well. this will help them get access into universities where chapters are based. our point of contact is John and a couple others over at pizzadao. they have a connection directly to the manager of stand-with-crypto. 



